= Installation of the Angular CLI net-incident application =

This is an Angular CLI application.  CLI stands for '''C'''ommand '''L'''ine '''I'''nterface.  CLI is a specific platform for developing an Angular application.  CLI command are entered on the command line and starts with '''ng'''. 

The ''net-incident'' is embedded in ''net-incident-master'' which contains both Web API services and this Angular application.

# Download node modules:
#: Launch a command line DOS prompt and navigate to the ''Net-Incident\net-incident'' root Angular application folder.  At the command line enter '''npm install''' and wait for it to complete.  The ''node_modules'' folder should contain over 30,000 files.  This folder should rarely be backed up.

# Test the application:
#: From the previous command line enter '''ng test''' and it should launch Chrome and continuously run all of the tests (to exit, enter Cntl C).

# Download VS Code:
#: I use VS Code to build the application (its free).  You can use what you desire.

# Launch VS Code:
#: Launch a command line DOS prompt and navigate to the ''Net-Incident\net-incident'' root Angular application folder.  At the command line enter:
#:: '''code .'''

# Launch development application web server:
#: Launch a command line DOS prompt and navigate to the ''Net-Incident\net-incident'' root Angular application folder.  At the command line enter '''ng serve'''  In a browser window, navigate to ''localhost:4200''

# Build production:
#: Launch a command line DOS prompt and navigate to the ''Net-Incident\net-incident'' root Angular application folder.  At the command line enter:
#:: '''ng build --prod --env=prod'''
#: This will transpile the ''typescript'' to the ''dist'' folder.  The ''dist'' folder can then be copied to a website.
