= Powershell scripts =

== Loading Network Incident Logs from Netgear Router ==
I have a Netgear 300 wireless router.  The router logs are available by e-mail, or logging on as the administrator and copying the logs to a text file.  I did the latter.  I saved the file as NG-300-2018-05-03.txt

I ran the following batch command (text file name minus the extent of txt).  The batch file uses a GNUWin32 GREP command.

  C:\...\logs> LogFilter NG-300-2018-05-03

This should create two files, as follows: 

* NG-300-2018-05-03.admin.txt
* NG-300-2018-05-03.probe.txt

I created a sample PowerShell script to demonstrate loading network incidents to the database.

Launch the PowerShell ISE.  Change directory as follows to the working log directory:

  PS C:> cd C:\...\logs

You can get help for the logs load Netgear powershell script as follows:

  PS C:> get-help .\LogsLoad-NG.ps1 -full

You can run the logs load Netgear powershell script as follows:

  PS C:> .\LogsLoad-NG.ps1 -server ".\Express" -filePath "C:\Dat\Nsg\L\Web\Ng\NetIncidents3\logs\ng-300-2018-05-03-probe.txt" -serverId 4 -incidentTypeId 1026

== Loading Network Incident Logs from IIS ==

Change directory to the location of the log script.

=== LogsLoad-IIS Help ===

Execute the following to get full help on the load IIS logs script:

  PS C:> get-help .\LogsLoad-IIS.ps1 -full

=== Sample LogsLoad-IIS Execution ===

To load IIS logs with something like the following:

  PS C:> .\LogsLoad-IIS.ps1 -server ".\Express" -filePath "C:\inetpub\logs\LogFiles\W3SVC1\u_ex180528.log" -serverId 1

= Python script =

== Loading Network Incident Logs from Netgear Router ==

Go to the .\NetIncidents3\logs\Py-Net-Incident folder and execute the following command (changing appropriate values):

  C:\> python logs_load.py --logType NG --server .\Express --filePath .\data\NG-300-2018-05-03.txt --serverId 8

The following is the help by passing -h option:

  usage: logs_load.py [-h] --logType log_type (of NG or IIS)
                      [--server server (.\SQLExpress)]
                      [--dbName db_name (NetIncident2)] --filePath file_path
                      --serverId server_id
  Load IIS logs to database
  optional arguments:
    -h, --help            show this help message and exit
    --logType log_type (of NG or IIS)
                          A magic value defining what type of logs, values:
                          NG/IIS
    --server server (.\SQLExpress)
                          SQL Server instance name
    --dbName db_name (NetIncident2))
                          Database name
    --filePath file_path  Full path and file name of IIS logs
    --serverId server_id  An integer value of the server logs that are being
                          loaded

== Loading Network Incident Logs from IIS ==

Go to the .\NetIncidents3\logs\Py-Net-Incident folder and execute the following command (changing appropriate values):

  C:\> python logs_load.py --logType IIS --server .\Express --filePath .\data\iis.log --serverId 8

The following is the help by passing -h option:

  usage: logs_load.py [-h] --logType log_type (of NG or IIS)
                      [--server server (.\SQLExpress)]
                      [--dbName db_name (NetIncident2)] --filePath file_path
                      --serverId server_id
  Load IIS logs to database
  optional arguments:
    -h, --help            show this help message and exit
    --logType log_type (of NG or IIS)
                          A magic value defining what type of logs, values:
                          NG/IIS
    --server server (.\SQLExpress)
                          SQL Server instance name
    --dbName db_name (NetIncident2))
                          Database name
    --filePath file_path  Full path and file name of IIS logs
    --serverId server_id  An integer value of the server logs that are being
                          loaded

Good luck and thanks for helping make the internet safer.
Phil
