= Testing of the Angular CLI net-incident application =

# In a browser window, navigate to ''localhost:4200'' and login to the application.  You will need to use ''NSG Memb'' for the '''Server Short Name'''.  If you do not enter the '''Server Short Name''' a separate panel will appear.

# Add incidents: the ''Network Incident grid'' will be empty.

## Click the '''+''' icon to add an incident.

## You will see an empty form, except for 4 fake log records.  Check the top one and the other three should now be filtered out and the WhoIs command should populate the ''NIC'', ''ISP'' and ''abuse e-mail address''.  If the WhoIs command was successful but could not identity the abuse e-mail address, the WhoIs output will be stored in the Notes.

## '''Save''' the incident and the application will return to the ''Network Incident grid''.

# Repeat the previous adds steps two more times.

# Edit incidents:

## On the ''Network Incident grid'' click the ''Pencil'' icon to edit the network incident. 

## Click the '''+''' to add a note.  From the ''Type'' drop-down select '''Ping'''.  This can some time give you a deeper name of the network. After about 10 seconds the ping command should return.  Click the Save button on the note.

## Click the '''+''' to add another note.  From the ''Type'' drop-down select '''ISP Rpt'''.  This will take the template for the incident type and the data and create a JSON string containing an abuse email.  Click the Save button on the note.

# Check the Mailed checkbox and click the '''Save''' button and the application will return to the ''Network Incident grid''.

# Repeat the previous edit step two more times.

# In a browser window, navigate to ''localhost:10080'' view the ''fake-smtp-server'' to see that the three incident would have been mailled.
